org/researchspace/repository/sparql/virtuoso/VirtuosoWrapperRepository.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.virtuoso.VirtuosoWrapperRepository
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/bearertoken/SPARQLBearerTokenAuthRepositoryFactory.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.bearertoken.SPARQLBearerTokenAuthRepositoryFactory
org/researchspace/api/transform/ModelToQueryTemplateTransformer.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.ModelToQueryTemplateTransformer
org/researchspace/templates/helper/HasPermissionHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.HasPermissionHelperSource
org/researchspace/rest/ResourceApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.ResourceApplication
org/researchspace/dataquality/shacl/generators/TestGenerator.java
 org.researchspace.dataquality.shacl.generators.TestGenerator
org/researchspace/templates/helper/SetManagementHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.SetManagementHelperSource
org/researchspace/upload/UploadHandler.java
 org.researchspace.upload.UploadHandler
org/researchspace/querycatalog/QueryCatalogRESTService.java
 org.researchspace.querycatalog.QueryCatalogRESTService
 org.researchspace.querycatalog.QueryCatalogRESTService$1
org/researchspace/rest/providers/OptionalParamProvider.java
 org.researchspace.rest.providers.OptionalParamProvider
 org.researchspace.rest.providers.OptionalParamProvider$1
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/URLMinifierRedirectEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.URLMinifierRedirectEndpoint
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/APICallFailedException.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.APICallFailedException
org/researchspace/servlet/filter/AssetFilter.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.filter.AssetFilter
org/researchspace/security/PlatformSecurityManager.java
 org.researchspace.security.PlatformSecurityManager
 org.researchspace.security.PlatformSecurityManager$MPCacheManager
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpPrepareOwnedTupleExpr.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpPrepareOwnedTupleExpr
org/researchspace/api/dto/query/SelectQuery.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.query.SelectQuery
org/researchspace/api/dto/querytemplate/QueryArgument.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.querytemplate.QueryArgument
org/researchspace/services/storage/StorageUtils.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.StorageUtils
org/researchspace/secrets/DefaultSecretResolverRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.DefaultSecretResolverRegistry
org/researchspace/data/rdf/RioUtils.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.RioUtils
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StorageCreationParams.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StorageCreationParams
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/TemplateEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.TemplateEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.TemplateEndpoint$1
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.TemplateEndpoint$RawTemplate
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.TemplateEndpoint$RenderedTemplate
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.TemplateEndpoint$RevisionInfo
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.TemplateEndpoint$TemplateInfo
org/researchspace/querycatalog/QaasField.java
 org.researchspace.querycatalog.QaasField
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StorageLocation.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StorageLocation
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/AbstractMpSPARQLRepositoryFactory.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.AbstractMpSPARQLRepositoryFactory
org/researchspace/rest/filters/UserAgentFilter.java
 org.researchspace.rest.filters.UserAgentFilter
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/rank/optimizers/NaryJoinOrderOptimizerHelper.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.rank.optimizers.NaryJoinOrderOptimizerHelper
org/researchspace/vocabulary/CrmInf.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.CrmInf
org/researchspace/secrets/DefaultSecretsStore.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.DefaultSecretsStore
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StorageException.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StorageException
org/researchspace/services/fields/FieldDefinitionManager.java
 org.researchspace.services.fields.FieldDefinitionManager
 org.researchspace.services.fields.FieldDefinitionManager$1
org/researchspace/secrets/SecretResolverRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.SecretResolverRegistry
org/researchspace/plugin/PlatformPluginManager.java
 org.researchspace.plugin.PlatformPluginManager
 org.researchspace.plugin.PlatformPluginManager$Starter
org/researchspace/shacl/ShaclEngine.java
 org.researchspace.shacl.ShaclEngine
org/researchspace/thumbnails/DefaultThumbnailService.java
 org.researchspace.thumbnails.DefaultThumbnailService
 org.researchspace.thumbnails.DefaultThumbnailService$1
org/researchspace/vocabulary/XsdUtils.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.XsdUtils
org/researchspace/upload/MetadataExtractor.java
 org.researchspace.upload.MetadataExtractor
org/researchspace/rest/DefaultExceptionMapper.java
 org.researchspace.rest.DefaultExceptionMapper
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/bearertoken/SPARQLBearerTokenAuthRepository.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.bearertoken.SPARQLBearerTokenAuthRepository
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/MpGroupIterator.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$Aggregate
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$AvgAggregate
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$ConcatAggregate
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$CountAggregate
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$Entry
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$Key
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$MaxAggregate
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$MinAggregate
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$SampleAggregate
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$StandardAggregateEvaluator
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpGroupIterator$SumAggregate
org/researchspace/plugin/PlatformPlugin.java
 org.researchspace.plugin.PlatformPlugin
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StorageConfigLoader.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StorageConfigLoader
org/researchspace/api/dto/query/UpdateQuery.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.query.UpdateQuery
org/researchspace/security/sso/SAML2AuthorizationGenerator.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SAML2AuthorizationGenerator
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPImplManager.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPImplManager
org/researchspace/sparql/keyword/virtuoso/VirtuosoKeywordSearchGroupExtractor.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.keyword.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchGroupExtractor
org/researchspace/security/sso/StorageSAML2KeystoreGenerator.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.StorageSAML2KeystoreGenerator
org/researchspace/templates/helper/PrefixResolverHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.PrefixResolverHelperSource
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/FieldEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.FieldEndpoint
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationSailRepositoryFactory.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationSailRepositoryFactory
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/QueryTemplateCatalogAPIClientImpl.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.QueryTemplateCatalogAPIClientImpl
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/rank/optimizers/SliceOptimizer.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.rank.optimizers.SliceOptimizer
org/researchspace/security/sso/SSOLogoutFilter.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSOLogoutFilter
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/SerializableParsedConstructQuery.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.SerializableParsedConstructQuery
org/researchspace/security/sso/utils/ConfigParameterBooleanValueFactory.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.utils.ConfigParameterBooleanValueFactory
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/FileContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.FileContainer
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/MedianAggregateService.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MedianAggregateService
org/eclipse/rdf4j/sail/federation/MpFederationConnection.java
 org.eclipse.rdf4j.sail.federation.MpFederationConnection
 org.eclipse.rdf4j.sail.federation.MpFederationConnection$MpFederationTripleSource
org/researchspace/repository/MpDelegatingImplConfig.java
 org.researchspace.repository.MpDelegatingImplConfig
org/researchspace/sparql/keyword/algebra/KeywordSearchGroupTupleExpr.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.keyword.algebra.KeywordSearchGroupTupleExpr
org/researchspace/config/groups/DataQualityConfiguration.java
 org.researchspace.config.groups.DataQualityConfiguration
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/virtuoso/VirtuosoWrapperRepositoryConnection.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.virtuoso.VirtuosoWrapperRepositoryConnection
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpQueryJoinOrderOptimizer.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryJoinOrderOptimizer
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryJoinOrderOptimizer$JoinVisitor
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryJoinOrderOptimizer$QueryHintsAwareComparator
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/RDFGraphStoreEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.RDFGraphStoreEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.RDFGraphStoreEndpoint$1
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/TableauEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.TableauEndpoint
org/researchspace/servlet/MProxyServlet.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.MProxyServlet
org/researchspace/sail/rest/AbstractServiceWrappingSailConfig.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.AbstractServiceWrappingSailConfig
org/researchspace/templates/helper/JsonFromSparqlSelectSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.JsonFromSparqlSelectSource
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationSailTupleQuery.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationSailTupleQuery
org/researchspace/repository/RepositoryDependencySorter.java
 org.researchspace.repository.RepositoryDependencySorter
org/researchspace/ldp/UserDefinedPagesContainer.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.UserDefinedPagesContainer
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/ObjectStorage.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.ObjectStorage
org/researchspace/ldp/PropositionSetsContainers.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.PropositionSetsContainers
org/researchspace/services/storage/file/ClassPathStorage.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.ClassPathStorage
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.ClassPathStorage$ClassPathStorageLocation
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.ClassPathStorage$Config
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationSailGraphQuery.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationSailGraphQuery
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/OntodiaDiagramContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.OntodiaDiagramContainer
org/researchspace/api/dto/uiform/UIFormElement.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.uiform.UIFormElement
org/researchspace/security/sso/SSOSecurityFilter.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSOSecurityFilter
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/SPARQLDigestAuthRepositoryFactory.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.SPARQLDigestAuthRepositoryFactory
org/researchspace/security/sso/SSOEnvironment.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSOEnvironment
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSOEnvironment$SSOVariant
org/researchspace/sparql/keyword/virtuoso/VirtuosoKeywordSearchHandlerWithSparqlTemplate.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.keyword.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchHandlerWithSparqlTemplate
 org.researchspace.sparql.keyword.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchHandlerWithSparqlTemplate$VirtuosoSparqlFullTextSearchSerializerQueryVisitorWithTemplate
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/QueryHintsExtractor.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.QueryHintsExtractor
org/researchspace/security/AnonymousUserFilter.java
 org.researchspace.security.AnonymousUserFilter
org/researchspace/util/ReflectionUtil.java
 org.researchspace.util.ReflectionUtil
org/researchspace/secrets/SecretsStore.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.SecretsStore
org/researchspace/services/files/FileManager.java
 org.researchspace.services.files.FileManager
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/APIClientBase.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.APIClientBase
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/AbstractLDPResource.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.AbstractLDPResource
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.AbstractLDPResource$1
org/researchspace/vocabulary/MPQA.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.MPQA
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/UserMetadataContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.UserMetadataContainer
org/researchspace/api/transform/ModelUtils.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.ModelUtils
org/researchspace/templates/helper/SparqlHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.SparqlHelperSource
org/researchspace/api/dto/querytemplate/AskQueryTemplate.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.querytemplate.AskQueryTemplate
org/researchspace/security/UserMetadataProvider.java
 org.researchspace.security.UserMetadataProvider
org/researchspace/rest/FormPersistenceApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.FormPersistenceApplication
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/URLMinifierEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.URLMinifierEndpoint
org/researchspace/secrets/SecretLookup.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.SecretLookup
org/researchspace/federation/repository/AggregateService.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.AggregateService
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/parser/MpSPARQLParser.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.parser.MpSPARQLParser
org/researchspace/api/transform/InvalidQueryFormConfigurationModelException.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.InvalidQueryFormConfigurationModelException
org/researchspace/api/sparql/ServletRequestUtil.java
 org.researchspace.api.sparql.ServletRequestUtil
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/SPARQLAuthenticatingRepositoryConfig.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.SPARQLAuthenticatingRepositoryConfig
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/SetRootContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.SetRootContainer
org/researchspace/config/ConfigParameterValueInfo.java
 org.researchspace.config.ConfigParameterValueInfo
org/researchspace/sail/AbstractServiceSail.java
 org.researchspace.sail.AbstractServiceSail
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/optimizers/RemoveNodeQueryModelVisitor.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.optimizers.RemoveNodeQueryModelVisitor
org/researchspace/config/groups/ConfigurationGroupBase.java
 org.researchspace.config.groups.ConfigurationGroupBase
org/researchspace/services/storage/s3/S3StorageConfig.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.s3.S3StorageConfig
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/FormContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.FormContainer
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpEvaluationStatistics.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpEvaluationStatistics
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpEvaluationStatistics$MpCardinalityCalculator
org/researchspace/ldp/RelationshipProfilesContainer.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.RelationshipProfilesContainer
org/researchspace/api/dto/uiform/Choice.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.uiform.Choice
org/researchspace/templates/TemplateByIriLoader.java
 org.researchspace.templates.TemplateByIriLoader
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPR.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPR
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/rank/algebra/RankedNaryJoin.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.rank.algebra.RankedNaryJoin
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/PathMapping.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.PathMapping
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.PathMapping$Default
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.PathMapping$MapPrefix
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/PreprocessedQuerySerializer.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.PreprocessedQuerySerializer
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.PreprocessedQuerySerializer$1
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.PreprocessedQuerySerializer$2
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.PreprocessedQuerySerializer$NonIriFunctions
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/rank/optimizers/OrderOptimizer.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.rank.optimizers.OrderOptimizer
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.rank.optimizers.OrderOptimizer$OrderTupleExprHandlerVisitor
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/PropertyPathSerializer.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.PropertyPathSerializer
org/researchspace/services/fields/RelationKind.java
 org.researchspace.services.fields.RelationKind
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/ContainerEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ContainerEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ContainerEndpoint$1
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ContainerEndpoint$2
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ContainerEndpoint$DelayedImportRequest
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ContainerEndpoint$DelayedImportResponse
org/researchspace/di/PlatformGuiceModule.java
 org.researchspace.di.PlatformGuiceModule
org/researchspace/sparql/visitors/VarRenameVisitor.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.visitors.VarRenameVisitor
org/researchspace/services/storage/git/GitStorageFactory.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.git.GitStorageFactory
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/SetManagementEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.SetManagementEndpoint
org/researchspace/ldp/AlignmentContainer.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.AlignmentContainer
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/ObjectMetadata.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.ObjectMetadata
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/ParallelAsyncJoinCursor.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.ParallelAsyncJoinCursor
org/researchspace/sail/rest/RESTSail.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.RESTSail
org/researchspace/templates/helper/DateTimeHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.DateTimeHelperSource
org/researchspace/data/json/JsonUtil.java
 org.researchspace.data.json.JsonUtil
 org.researchspace.data.json.JsonUtil$1
 org.researchspace.data.json.JsonUtil$JsonFieldProducer
org/researchspace/api/dto/uiform/TextInput.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.uiform.TextInput
 org.researchspace.api.dto.uiform.TextInput$InputType
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationSailBooleanQuery.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationSailBooleanQuery
org/researchspace/security/Permissions.java
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$1
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$ACCOUNTS
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$APIUsageMode
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$APP
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$CACHES
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$CONFIGURATION
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$CONTAINER
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$EPHEDRA_SERVICE_CONFIG
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$FILE
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$FORMS_LDP
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$FORMS_SPARQL
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$JOBS
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$LOGS
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$NAMESPACES
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$ONTOLOGIES
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$PAGES
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$PAGES$Action
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$PERMISSIONS
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$PROXY
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$QAAS
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$REPOSITORY_CONFIG
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$ROLES
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$SERVICES
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$SPARQL
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$STORAGE
 org.researchspace.security.Permissions$SYSTEM
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationSailRepository.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationSailRepository
org/researchspace/security/ShiroRealmUtils.java
 org.researchspace.security.ShiroRealmUtils
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/QueryCatalogAPIClient.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.QueryCatalogAPIClient
org/researchspace/federation/repository/service/ServiceDescriptor.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.service.ServiceDescriptor
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.service.ServiceDescriptor$Cardinality
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.service.ServiceDescriptor$Parameter
org/researchspace/security/FormAuthenticationFilter.java
 org.researchspace.security.FormAuthenticationFilter
org/researchspace/data/rdf/ReadConnection.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.ReadConnection
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationFactory.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationFactory
org/researchspace/cache/TemplateIncludeCache.java
 org.researchspace.cache.TemplateIncludeCache
org/researchspace/rest/filters/RequestRateLimitFilter.java
 org.researchspace.rest.filters.RequestRateLimitFilter
org/researchspace/api/dto/querytemplate/ConstructQueryTemplate.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.querytemplate.ConstructQueryTemplate
org/researchspace/services/storage/file/NonVersionedFileStorage.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.NonVersionedFileStorage
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.NonVersionedFileStorage$Config
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.NonVersionedFileStorage$DirectStorageLocation
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/SPARQLBasicAuthRepositoryConfig.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.SPARQLBasicAuthRepositoryConfig
org/researchspace/secrets/SecretsHelper.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.SecretsHelper
org/researchspace/security/LDAPRealmProvider.java
 org.researchspace.security.LDAPRealmProvider
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/RemoteClosingExceptionConvertingIteration.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.RemoteClosingExceptionConvertingIteration
org/researchspace/repository/RepositoryManagerInterface.java
 org.researchspace.repository.RepositoryManagerInterface
org/researchspace/services/fields/SearchRelation.java
 org.researchspace.services.fields.SearchRelation
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/ParsedQueryPreprocessor.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.ParsedQueryPreprocessor
org/researchspace/di/ConfigurationModule.java
 org.researchspace.di.ConfigurationModule
org/researchspace/security/WildcardPermission.java
 org.researchspace.security.WildcardPermission
org/researchspace/security/sso/utils/ConfigParameterStringValueFactory.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.utils.ConfigParameterStringValueFactory
org/researchspace/sail/rest/RESTWrappingSailUtils.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.RESTWrappingSailUtils
org/researchspace/api/dto/querytemplate/QueryTemplate.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.querytemplate.QueryTemplate
org/researchspace/servlet/filter/CorsFilter.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.filter.CorsFilter
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StorageRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StorageRegistry
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/SerializableParsedBooleanQuery.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.SerializableParsedBooleanQuery
org/researchspace/ldp/AssertionsContainer.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.AssertionsContainer
org/researchspace/config/groups/UIConfiguration.java
 org.researchspace.config.groups.UIConfiguration
org/researchspace/ldp/OverlayImageContainer.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.OverlayImageContainer
org/researchspace/shacl/ShaclEngineFactory.java
 org.researchspace.shacl.ShaclEngineFactory
org/researchspace/config/UnknownConfigurationException.java
 org.researchspace.config.UnknownConfigurationException
org/researchspace/data/rdf/PrettyPrintTurtleWriter.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.PrettyPrintTurtleWriter
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationSailRepositoryConfig.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationSailRepositoryConfig
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPApi.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPApi
org/researchspace/config/groups/ConfigurationGroup.java
 org.researchspace.config.groups.ConfigurationGroup
org/researchspace/vocabulary/OA.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.OA
org/researchspace/services/URLMinifierService.java
 org.researchspace.services.URLMinifierService
org/researchspace/repository/MpRepositoryProvider.java
 org.researchspace.repository.MpRepositoryProvider
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/FieldDefinitionContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.FieldDefinitionContainer
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/PlatformStorage.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.PlatformStorage
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.PlatformStorage$FindResult
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.PlatformStorage$StorageStatus
org/researchspace/config/ConfigurationUtil.java
 org.researchspace.config.ConfigurationUtil
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederation.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederation
org/researchspace/di/GuiceServletConfig.java
 org.researchspace.di.GuiceServletConfig
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpFederationServiceClauseOptimizer.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpFederationServiceClauseOptimizer
org/researchspace/rest/RestApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.RestApplication
org/researchspace/security/sso/SAML2Configuration.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SAML2Configuration
org/researchspace/repository/memory/MpMemoryRepositoryFactory.java
 org.researchspace.repository.memory.MpMemoryRepositoryFactory
org/researchspace/plugin/PlatformPluginDescriptorFinder.java
 org.researchspace.plugin.PlatformPluginDescriptorFinder
org/researchspace/data/rdf/ModelUtils.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.ModelUtils
org/researchspace/federation/repository/service/SparqlServiceUtils.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.service.SparqlServiceUtils
org/researchspace/dataquality/shacl/generators/ShaclPatternInstantiator.java
 org.researchspace.dataquality.shacl.generators.ShaclPatternInstantiator
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/ResourceUtilsEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ResourceUtilsEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ResourceUtilsEndpoint$1
org/researchspace/security/sso/BaseAuthorizationGenerator.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.BaseAuthorizationGenerator
org/researchspace/sparql/visitors/ParametrizeVisitor.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.visitors.ParametrizeVisitor
org/researchspace/vocabulary/CRMdig.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.CRMdig
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/virtuoso/VirtuosoWrapperRepositoryFactory.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.virtuoso.VirtuosoWrapperRepositoryFactory
org/researchspace/templates/TemplateContext.java
 org.researchspace.templates.TemplateContext
org/researchspace/services/fields/SearchConfigMerger.java
 org.researchspace.services.fields.SearchConfigMerger
org/researchspace/api/sparql/SparqlOperationBuilder.java
 org.researchspace.api.sparql.SparqlOperationBuilder
 org.researchspace.api.sparql.SparqlOperationBuilder$1
 org.researchspace.api.sparql.SparqlOperationBuilder$SparqlMagicVariables
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/rank/algebra/RankedTupleExpr.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.rank.algebra.RankedTupleExpr
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/FileUploadEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.FileUploadEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.FileUploadEndpoint$1
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/SPARQLBasicAuthRepositoryFactory.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.SPARQLBasicAuthRepositoryFactory
org/researchspace/security/SecurityService.java
 org.researchspace.security.SecurityService
 org.researchspace.security.SecurityService$1
 org.researchspace.security.SecurityService$1UserMetadataGroupOpts
 org.researchspace.security.SecurityService$1UserMetadataOpts
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/CustomSPARQLConnection.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.CustomSPARQLConnection
org/researchspace/secrets/AbstractSecretResolver.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.AbstractSecretResolver
org/researchspace/data/rdf/QueryResultUtils.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.QueryResultUtils
org/researchspace/security/sso/utils/RedirectUriValueFactory.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.utils.RedirectUriValueFactory
org/researchspace/templates/helper/IsRepositoryTypeHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.IsRepositoryTypeHelperSource
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/CustomSPARQLRepository.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.CustomSPARQLRepository
org/researchspace/security/sso/KeycloakAuthorizationGenerator.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.KeycloakAuthorizationGenerator
org/researchspace/querycatalog/QueryCatalogRESTServiceRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.querycatalog.QueryCatalogRESTServiceRegistry
 org.researchspace.querycatalog.QueryCatalogRESTServiceRegistry$ServiceEntry
 org.researchspace.querycatalog.QueryCatalogRESTServiceRegistry$ServiceObjectsCache
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/MergeByIndexInsertBindingSetCursor.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MergeByIndexInsertBindingSetCursor
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/DefaultLDPContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.DefaultLDPContainer
org/researchspace/rest/providers/IriParamProvider.java
 org.researchspace.rest.providers.IriParamProvider
 org.researchspace.rest.providers.IriParamProvider$1
org/researchspace/templates/helper/HelperUtil.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.HelperUtil
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.HelperUtil$QueryResult
org/researchspace/config/groups/GlobalConfiguration.java
 org.researchspace.config.groups.GlobalConfiguration
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/AppAdminEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.AppAdminEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.AppAdminEndpoint$1
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.AppAdminEndpoint$MetaObject
org/researchspace/templates/MissingHelperException.java
 org.researchspace.templates.MissingHelperException
org/researchspace/security/ShiroTextRealm.java
 org.researchspace.security.ShiroTextRealm
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/RdfNamespaceEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.RdfNamespaceEndpoint
org/researchspace/rest/RestApplicationExtension.java
 org.researchspace.rest.RestApplicationExtension
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpPostJoinReorderingLocalJoinOptimizer.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpPostJoinReorderingLocalJoinOptimizer
org/researchspace/servlet/SparqlServlet.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.SparqlServlet
 org.researchspace.servlet.SparqlServlet$1
 org.researchspace.servlet.SparqlServlet$ContentType
 org.researchspace.servlet.SparqlServlet$Parameter
org/researchspace/api/sparql/SparqlUtil.java
 org.researchspace.api.sparql.SparqlUtil
 org.researchspace.api.sparql.SparqlUtil$SparqlOperation
org/researchspace/services/storage/git/GitStorageConfig.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.git.GitStorageConfig
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/virtuoso/VirtuosoWrapperRepositoryConfig.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.virtuoso.VirtuosoWrapperRepositoryConfig
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/AbstractLDPAPIDtoClientImpl.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.AbstractLDPAPIDtoClientImpl
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/bearertoken/SPARQLBearerTokenAuthRepositoryConfig.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.bearertoken.SPARQLBearerTokenAuthRepositoryConfig
org/researchspace/security/PermissionsParameterInfo.java
 org.researchspace.security.PermissionsParameterInfo
org/researchspace/services/storage/file/InMemoryStorage.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.InMemoryStorage
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.InMemoryStorage$InMemoryLocation
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.InMemoryStorage$ObjectRevision
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.InMemoryStorage$Record
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPApiInternalRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPApiInternalRegistry
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPApiInternalRegistry$1
org/researchspace/plugin/PlatformPluginDescriptor.java
 org.researchspace.plugin.PlatformPluginDescriptor
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/AbstractSerializableParsedQuery.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.AbstractSerializableParsedQuery
org/researchspace/security/SecurityConfigRecord.java
 org.researchspace.security.SecurityConfigRecord
 org.researchspace.security.SecurityConfigRecord$1
 org.researchspace.security.SecurityConfigRecord$2
org/researchspace/config/NamespaceRecord.java
 org.researchspace.config.NamespaceRecord
org/researchspace/images/OverlayImageFileProcessor.java
 org.researchspace.images.OverlayImageFileProcessor
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/SparqlAlgebraUtils.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.SparqlAlgebraUtils
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/FormPersistenceLdpEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.FormPersistenceLdpEndpoint
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/QueryFormCatalogAPIClientImpl.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.QueryFormCatalogAPIClientImpl
org/researchspace/rest/feature/PATCH.java
 org.researchspace.rest.feature.PATCH
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/PermissionsAwareLDPApi.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.PermissionsAwareLDPApi
org/researchspace/api/dto/query/Query.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.query.Query
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/UserSetRootContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.UserSetRootContainer
org/researchspace/api/dto/queryform/QueryFormElement.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.queryform.QueryFormElement
org/researchspace/ldp/AnnotationsContainer.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.AnnotationsContainer
org/researchspace/api/dto/query/DescribeQuery.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.query.DescribeQuery
org/researchspace/services/storage/s3/S3Storage.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.s3.S3Storage
 org.researchspace.services.storage.s3.S3Storage$S3StorageLocation
org/researchspace/secrets/SecretResolver.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.SecretResolver
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationSailRepositoryConnection.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationSailRepositoryConnection
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpQueryMultiJoinOptimizer.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryMultiJoinOptimizer
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryMultiJoinOptimizer$JoinVisitor
org/eclipse/rdf4j/query/parser/sparql/MpTupleExprBuilder.java
 org.eclipse.rdf4j.query.parser.sparql.MpTupleExprBuilder
 org.eclipse.rdf4j.query.parser.sparql.MpTupleExprBuilder$AggregateCollector
 org.eclipse.rdf4j.query.parser.sparql.MpTupleExprBuilder$GroupFinder
 org.eclipse.rdf4j.query.parser.sparql.MpTupleExprBuilder$VarCollector
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/SPARQLAuthenticatingRepository.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.SPARQLAuthenticatingRepository
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.SPARQLAuthenticatingRepository$AuthMethod
org/researchspace/security/sso/SSORealmProvider.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSORealmProvider
org/researchspace/api/transform/ModelToQueryTransformer.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.ModelToQueryTransformer
org/researchspace/shacl/ShaclEngineRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.shacl.ShaclEngineRegistry
 org.researchspace.shacl.ShaclEngineRegistry$ShaclEngineRegistryHolder
org/researchspace/vocabulary/QF.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.QF
org/eclipse/rdf4j/sail/federation/optimizers/MpOwnedTupleExprPruner.java
 org.eclipse.rdf4j.sail.federation.optimizers.MpOwnedTupleExprPruner
org/researchspace/api/transform/ModelToDtoTransformer.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.ModelToDtoTransformer
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StoragePath.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StoragePath
org/researchspace/dataquality/shacl/generators/TestGeneratorFactory.java
 org.researchspace.dataquality.shacl.generators.TestGeneratorFactory
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/MpSparqlQueryRenderer.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.MpSparqlQueryRenderer
org/researchspace/config/ConfigurationParameterHook.java
 org.researchspace.config.ConfigurationParameterHook
org/researchspace/vocabulary/SPL.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.SPL
org/researchspace/sail/AbstractAggregationServiceSailConnection.java
 org.researchspace.sail.AbstractAggregationServiceSailConnection
org/researchspace/sparql/SparqlAlgebraUtils.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.SparqlAlgebraUtils
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/QueryTemplateContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.QueryTemplateContainer
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/PersistedComponentContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.PersistedComponentContainer
org/researchspace/security/sso/SSORealm.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSORealm
org/researchspace/templates/ResearchSpaceHandlebars.java
 org.researchspace.templates.ResearchSpaceHandlebars
 org.researchspace.templates.ResearchSpaceHandlebars$1
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/LDPAPIClient.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.LDPAPIClient
org/researchspace/rest/ForbiddenExceptionMapper.java
 org.researchspace.rest.ForbiddenExceptionMapper
org/researchspace/sail/virtuoso/VirtuosoKeywordSearchSailConnection.java
 org.researchspace.sail.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchSailConnection
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpFederationConfig.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationConfig
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpFederationConfig$MpFederationMemberConfig
org/researchspace/sail/virtuoso/VirtuosoKeywordSearchSailImplConfig.java
 org.researchspace.sail.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchSailImplConfig
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/AsyncJoinEvaluator.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.AsyncJoinEvaluator
org/researchspace/security/PermissionUtil.java
 org.researchspace.security.PermissionUtil
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/virtuoso/VirtuosoWrapperBooleanQuery.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.virtuoso.VirtuosoWrapperBooleanQuery
org/researchspace/security/ShiroGuiceModule.java
 org.researchspace.security.ShiroGuiceModule
 org.researchspace.security.ShiroGuiceModule$ShiroFilter
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpFederationJoinOptimizer.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpFederationJoinOptimizer
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpFederationJoinOptimizer$LocalJoin
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpFederationJoinOptimizer$LocalScanner
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpFederationJoinOptimizer$Owned
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpFederationJoinOptimizer$OwnerScanner
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StorageConfig.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StorageConfig
org/researchspace/dataquality/shacl/generators/ShaclTestAutoGenerationEngine.java
 org.researchspace.dataquality.shacl.generators.ShaclTestAutoGenerationEngine
org/researchspace/security/PermissionsDocGroup.java
 org.researchspace.security.PermissionsDocGroup
org/researchspace/images/IIIFMetadataExtractor.java
 org.researchspace.images.IIIFMetadataExtractor
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/QueryContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.QueryContainer
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/QueryHintsSetup.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.QueryHintsSetup
org/researchspace/repository/MpRepositoryVocabulary.java
 org.researchspace.repository.MpRepositoryVocabulary
org/researchspace/security/FormLogoutLoginFilter.java
 org.researchspace.security.FormLogoutLoginFilter
 org.researchspace.security.FormLogoutLoginFilter$FakedSavedRequest
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/AnnotationContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.AnnotationContainer
org/researchspace/security/OptionalBasicAuthFilter.java
 org.researchspace.security.OptionalBasicAuthFilter
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/VariableRetrievingVisitor.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.VariableRetrievingVisitor
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/SizedStream.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.SizedStream
org/researchspace/security/PermissionsDocField.java
 org.researchspace.security.PermissionsDocField
org/researchspace/rest/TableauApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.TableauApplication
org/researchspace/templates/FromStorageLoader.java
 org.researchspace.templates.FromStorageLoader
 org.researchspace.templates.FromStorageLoader$StorageTemplateSource
 org.researchspace.templates.FromStorageLoader$TemplateNotFoundException
org/researchspace/secrets/Secret.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.Secret
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/rank/algebra/RankedNaryUnion.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.rank.algebra.RankedNaryUnion
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPResource.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPResource
org/researchspace/sail/rest/RESTSailFactory.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.RESTSailFactory
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/MpSharedHttpClientSessionManager.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.MpSharedHttpClientSessionManager
org/researchspace/api/dto/queryform/QueryFormConfiguration.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.queryform.QueryFormConfiguration
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/AggregateServiceEvaluator.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.AggregateServiceEvaluator
org/researchspace/config/Configuration.java
 org.researchspace.config.Configuration
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPAssetsLoader.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPAssetsLoader
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPAssetsLoader$LDPModelComparator
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPAssetsLoader$LDPModelComparator$FragmentedModel
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPAssetsLoader$LDPModelComparator$StatementKey
org/researchspace/cache/CacheManager.java
 org.researchspace.cache.CacheManager
org/researchspace/repository/RepositoryConfigUtils.java
 org.researchspace.repository.RepositoryConfigUtils
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/RepositoryManagerEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.RepositoryManagerEndpoint
org/researchspace/security/UserMetadata.java
 org.researchspace.security.UserMetadata
 org.researchspace.security.UserMetadata$GroupProps
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/UserMetadataResource.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.UserMetadataResource
org/researchspace/rest/AbstractPlatformApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.AbstractPlatformApplication
org/researchspace/security/sso/SSOUsersRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSOUsersRegistry
org/researchspace/rest/RestEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.RestEndpoint
org/researchspace/rest/RDFGraphStoreApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.RDFGraphStoreApplication
org/researchspace/ldp/I4_Proposition_Set.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.I4_Proposition_Set
org/researchspace/servlet/filter/ErrorLoggingFilter.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.filter.ErrorLoggingFilter
org/researchspace/sail/rest/AbstractServiceWrappingSail.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.AbstractServiceWrappingSail
org/researchspace/templates/helper/DocumentationHelper.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.DocumentationHelper
org/researchspace/security/LDAPRealm.java
 org.researchspace.security.LDAPRealm
org/researchspace/rest/feature/CacheControlFeature.java
 org.researchspace.rest.feature.CacheControlFeature
 org.researchspace.rest.feature.CacheControlFeature$CacheControlResponseFilter
org/researchspace/dataquality/ModelBasedLdpApiClientImpl.java
 org.researchspace.dataquality.ModelBasedLdpApiClientImpl
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/ValidationReportContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.ValidationReportContainer
org/researchspace/services/storage/s3/S3StorageFactory.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.s3.S3StorageFactory
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/MpSPARQLRepositoryConfig.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.MpSPARQLRepositoryConfig
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPContainer
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/AggregateEvaluator.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.AggregateEvaluator
org/researchspace/services/fields/FieldsBasedSearch.java
 org.researchspace.services.fields.FieldsBasedSearch
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPResourceNotFoundException.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPResourceNotFoundException
org/researchspace/services/fields/FieldDefinition.java
 org.researchspace.services.fields.FieldDefinition
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpQueryNaryJoinExtractor.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryNaryJoinExtractor
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryNaryJoinExtractor$JoinVisitor
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/APIClientBaseImpl.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.APIClientBaseImpl
org/researchspace/repository/RepositoryManager.java
 org.researchspace.repository.RepositoryManager
 org.researchspace.repository.RepositoryManager$1
org/researchspace/sail/AbstractAggregationServiceSail.java
 org.researchspace.sail.AbstractAggregationServiceSail
org/researchspace/config/groups/EnvironmentConfiguration.java
 org.researchspace.config.groups.EnvironmentConfiguration
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/LoginEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.LoginEndpoint
org/researchspace/rest/providers/JacksonObjectMapperProvider.java
 org.researchspace.rest.providers.JacksonObjectMapperProvider
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/WorkflowContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.WorkflowContainer
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/DefaultLDPResource.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.DefaultLDPResource
org/researchspace/rest/URLMinifierApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.URLMinifierApplication
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/QueryTemplateResource.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.QueryTemplateResource
org/researchspace/servlet/ProxyConfigs.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.ProxyConfigs
 org.researchspace.servlet.ProxyConfigs$ProxyConfig
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/RemoteLDPAPIClientImpl.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.RemoteLDPAPIClientImpl
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/PlatformRestClient.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.PlatformRestClient
org/researchspace/plugin/extension/ConfigurationExtension.java
 org.researchspace.plugin.extension.ConfigurationExtension
org/researchspace/services/storage/file/ClassPathStorageFactory.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.ClassPathStorageFactory
org/researchspace/servlet/filter/HomePageFilter.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.filter.HomePageFilter
org/researchspace/upload/handlers/FileUploadHandler.java
 org.researchspace.upload.handlers.FileUploadHandler
org/researchspace/vocabulary/SHACL.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.SHACL
org/researchspace/services/storage/utils/ExactSizeInputStream.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.utils.ExactSizeInputStream
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/MpOrderComparator.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpOrderComparator
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/QueryTemplateCatalogAPIClient.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.QueryTemplateCatalogAPIClient
org/researchspace/templates/TemplateUtil.java
 org.researchspace.templates.TemplateUtil
org/researchspace/plugin/PlatformPluginRepository.java
 org.researchspace.plugin.PlatformPluginRepository
org/researchspace/repository/memory/MpMemoryRepositoryConnection.java
 org.researchspace.repository.memory.MpMemoryRepositoryConnection
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/AbstractLDPContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.AbstractLDPContainer
org/researchspace/templates/helper/AskHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.AskHelperSource
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/PipelineJoinQueueEvaluator.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.PipelineJoinQueueEvaluator
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/MaterializedIteration.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MaterializedIteration
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StorageConfigException.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StorageConfigException
org/researchspace/repository/RepositoryUtils.java
 org.researchspace.repository.RepositoryUtils
 org.researchspace.repository.RepositoryUtils$1
 org.researchspace.repository.RepositoryUtils$1$1
org/researchspace/cache/LabelCache.java
 org.researchspace.cache.LabelCache
 org.researchspace.cache.LabelCache$1
 org.researchspace.cache.LabelCache$CacheKey
org/researchspace/plugin/PluginZipUtils.java
 org.researchspace.plugin.PluginZipUtils
org/researchspace/api/transform/InvalidQueryModelException.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.InvalidQueryModelException
org/researchspace/vocabulary/PROV.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.PROV
org/researchspace/api/dto/query/ConstructQuery.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.query.ConstructQuery
org/researchspace/services/storage/git/GitStorage.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.git.GitStorage
 org.researchspace.services.storage.git.GitStorage$1
 org.researchspace.services.storage.git.GitStorage$GitStorageLocation
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/DefaultMpSPARQLRepositoryFactory.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.DefaultMpSPARQLRepositoryFactory
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/MpSparqlQueryRendererUtils.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.MpSparqlQueryRendererUtils
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/FormPersistenceSparqlEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.FormPersistenceSparqlEndpoint
org/researchspace/templates/helper/UriComponentHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.UriComponentHelperSource
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/APIInitializationException.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.APIInitializationException
org/researchspace/ui/templates/ST.java
 org.researchspace.ui.templates.ST
 org.researchspace.ui.templates.ST$1
 org.researchspace.ui.templates.ST$TEMPLATES
org/researchspace/rest/feature/CacheControl.java
 org.researchspace.rest.feature.CacheControl
 org.researchspace.rest.feature.CacheControl$Cache
 org.researchspace.rest.feature.CacheControl$MaxAgeCache
 org.researchspace.rest.feature.CacheControl$NoCache
org/researchspace/templates/helper/FieldDefinitionSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.FieldDefinitionSource
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/MpOwnedTupleExpr.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.MpOwnedTupleExpr
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/SetContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.SetContainer
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LocalLDPAPIClient.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LocalLDPAPIClient
org/researchspace/ldp/ArgumentsContainer.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.ArgumentsContainer
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/algebra/ServiceCallTupleExpr.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.algebra.ServiceCallTupleExpr
org/researchspace/sail/virtuoso/VirtuosoKeywordSearchSailFactory.java
 org.researchspace.sail.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchSailFactory
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/LogAdminEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.LogAdminEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.LogAdminEndpoint$1
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.LogAdminEndpoint$LogFileInfo
org/researchspace/api/transform/InvalidQueryTemplateModelException.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.InvalidQueryTemplateModelException
org/researchspace/api/dto/querytemplate/UpdateQueryTemplate.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.querytemplate.UpdateQueryTemplate
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/NaryUnion.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.NaryUnion
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/QueryFormCatalogAPIClient.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.QueryFormCatalogAPIClient
org/researchspace/security/SecurityConfigType.java
 org.researchspace.security.SecurityConfigType
org/researchspace/repository/memory/MpMemoryRepository.java
 org.researchspace.repository.memory.MpMemoryRepository
org/researchspace/config/NamespaceRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.config.NamespaceRegistry
 org.researchspace.config.NamespaceRegistry$ProtectedNamespaceDeletionException
 org.researchspace.config.NamespaceRegistry$RuntimeNamespace
org/researchspace/api/dto/uiform/DatePicker.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.uiform.DatePicker
org/researchspace/api/dto/query/AskQuery.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.query.AskQuery
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/RootContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.RootContainer
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPApiInterface.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPApiInterface
org/researchspace/services/storage/MainPlatformStorage.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.MainPlatformStorage
 org.researchspace.services.storage.MainPlatformStorage$StorageDescription
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/PermissionsAwareLDPApiRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.PermissionsAwareLDPApiRegistry
org/researchspace/services/files/ManagedFileName.java
 org.researchspace.services.files.ManagedFileName
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/FederationSparqlAlgebraUtils.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.FederationSparqlAlgebraUtils
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.FederationSparqlAlgebraUtils$InputVarCollectorVisitor
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.FederationSparqlAlgebraUtils$OutputVarCollectorVisitor
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.FederationSparqlAlgebraUtils$OwnerScanner
org/researchspace/config/ConfigurationParameter.java
 org.researchspace.config.ConfigurationParameter
org/researchspace/util/ZipUtils.java
 org.researchspace.util.ZipUtils
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpQueryHintsSyncOptimizer.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryHintsSyncOptimizer
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpQueryHintsSyncOptimizer$QueryHintSynchronizer
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/AsyncJoinEvaluatorWithCache.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.AsyncJoinEvaluatorWithCache
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/ObjectKind.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.ObjectKind
org/researchspace/images/OverlayImageProcessor.java
 org.researchspace.images.OverlayImageProcessor
 org.researchspace.images.OverlayImageProcessor$1
 org.researchspace.images.OverlayImageProcessor$2
 org.researchspace.images.OverlayImageProcessor$BlendingParam
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/URLMinifierContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.URLMinifierContainer
org/researchspace/servlet/filter/RewriteFilter.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.filter.RewriteFilter
org/researchspace/cache/PlatformCache.java
 org.researchspace.cache.PlatformCache
org/researchspace/ui/templates/MainTemplate.java
 org.researchspace.ui.templates.MainTemplate
 org.researchspace.ui.templates.MainTemplate$MainTemplateOpts
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/MpFederationStrategy.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.MpFederationStrategy
org/researchspace/repository/memory/MpMemoryRepositoryImplConfig.java
 org.researchspace.repository.memory.MpMemoryRepositoryImplConfig
org/researchspace/config/PropertyPattern.java
 org.researchspace.config.PropertyPattern
org/researchspace/vocabulary/CidocCRM.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.CidocCRM
org/researchspace/cache/QueryTemplateCache.java
 org.researchspace.cache.QueryTemplateCache
org/researchspace/sparql/keyword/virtuoso/VirtuosoKeywordSearchHandler.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.keyword.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchHandler
 org.researchspace.sparql.keyword.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchHandler$VirtuosoSparqlFullTextSearchSerializerQueryVisitor
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/RDFStream.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.RDFStream
org/researchspace/sparql/visitors/BindingNamesCollector.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.visitors.BindingNamesCollector
org/researchspace/sail/rest/AbstractServiceWrappingSailConnection.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.AbstractServiceWrappingSailConnection
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.AbstractServiceWrappingSailConnection$ServiceParametersHolder
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/LDPApiInternal.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.LDPApiInternal
org/researchspace/security/sso/utils/ConfigParameterListValueFactory.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.utils.ConfigParameterListValueFactory
org/researchspace/federation/repository/MpSparqlServiceRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.MpSparqlServiceRegistry
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/MpSPARQLProtocolSession.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.MpSPARQLProtocolSession
org/researchspace/repository/sparql/SPARQLDigestAuthRepositoryConfig.java
 org.researchspace.repository.sparql.SPARQLDigestAuthRepositoryConfig
org/researchspace/vocabulary/PLATFORM.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.PLATFORM
org/researchspace/rest/ContainerApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.ContainerApplication
org/researchspace/config/groups/ConfigurationParameterType.java
 org.researchspace.config.groups.ConfigurationParameterType
org/researchspace/vocabulary/RSO.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.RSO
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/SPARQLEndpointAPIClientImpl.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.SPARQLEndpointAPIClientImpl
org/researchspace/sparql/keyword/algebra/KeywordSearchPattern.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.keyword.algebra.KeywordSearchPattern
org/researchspace/rest/LoginApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.LoginApplication
org/researchspace/api/dto/InconsistentDtoException.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.InconsistentDtoException
org/researchspace/templates/helper/UrlParamHelperSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.UrlParamHelperSource
org/researchspace/di/AssetsMap.java
 org.researchspace.di.AssetsMap
org/researchspace/servlet/filter/MDCFilter.java
 org.researchspace.servlet.filter.MDCFilter
 org.researchspace.servlet.filter.MDCFilter$VoidAction
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/ParallelBoundJoinCursor.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.ParallelBoundJoinCursor
org/researchspace/sail/rest/RESTSailConnection.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.RESTSailConnection
org/researchspace/vocabulary/LDP.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.LDP
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/ConfigurationEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ConfigurationEndpoint
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/FNFunction.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.FNFunction
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/RankJoinIteration.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.RankJoinIteration
org/researchspace/thumbnails/ThumbnailService.java
 org.researchspace.thumbnails.ThumbnailService
org/researchspace/security/sso/SSOCallbackFilter.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSOCallbackFilter
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/CacheEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.CacheEndpoint
org/researchspace/templates/HandlebarsHelperRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.templates.HandlebarsHelperRegistry
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/SecurityEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.SecurityEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.SecurityEndpoint$Account
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.SecurityEndpoint$CurrentUser
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.SecurityEndpoint$CustomIllegalArgumentException
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.SecurityEndpoint$RoleDefinition
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.SecurityEndpoint$SessionInfo
org/researchspace/security/sso/OidcAuthorizationGenerator.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.OidcAuthorizationGenerator
org/researchspace/plugin/extension/RestExtension.java
 org.researchspace.plugin.extension.RestExtension
org/researchspace/data/json/RdfJsTermSerialization.java
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization$BNodeDeserializer
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization$BNodeSerializer
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization$IriDeserializer
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization$IriSerializer
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization$LiteralDeserializer
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization$LiteralSerializer
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization$ValueDeserializer
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfJsTermSerialization$ValueSerializer
org/researchspace/federation/sparql/algebra/ServiceCallAggregate.java
 org.researchspace.federation.sparql.algebra.ServiceCallAggregate
org/researchspace/cache/ResourcePropertyCache.java
 org.researchspace.cache.ResourcePropertyCache
 org.researchspace.cache.ResourcePropertyCache$1
org/researchspace/federation/repository/FederationSailBooleanQueryWrapper.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.FederationSailBooleanQueryWrapper
org/researchspace/data/rdf/container/VisibilityContainer.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.container.VisibilityContainer
org/researchspace/services/storage/file/NonVersionedFileStorageFactory.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.file.NonVersionedFileStorageFactory
org/researchspace/templates/helper/SingleValueFromSelectSource.java
 org.researchspace.templates.helper.SingleValueFromSelectSource
org/researchspace/rest/FileStorageApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.FileStorageApplication
org/researchspace/vocabulary/FIELDS.java
 org.researchspace.vocabulary.FIELDS
org/researchspace/security/sso/SSOLoginFilter.java
 org.researchspace.security.sso.SSOLoginFilter
org/researchspace/api/dto/uiform/UIFormInputElement.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.uiform.UIFormInputElement
org/researchspace/api/transform/InvalidModelException.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.InvalidModelException
org/researchspace/sail/virtuoso/VirtuosoKeywordSearchSail.java
 org.researchspace.sail.virtuoso.VirtuosoKeywordSearchSail
org/researchspace/data/json/RdfValueSerializers.java
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfValueSerializers
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfValueSerializers$IriSerializer
 org.researchspace.data.json.RdfValueSerializers$ResourceSerializer
org/researchspace/api/dto/base/DTOBase.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.base.DTOBase
org/researchspace/sail/rest/sql/MpJDBCDriverManager.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.sql.MpJDBCDriverManager
org/researchspace/rest/providers/Rdf4jModelTurtleMessageBodyWriter.java
 org.researchspace.rest.providers.Rdf4jModelTurtleMessageBodyWriter
org/researchspace/config/InvalidConfigurationException.java
 org.researchspace.config.InvalidConfigurationException
org/researchspace/rest/FileUploadApplication.java
 org.researchspace.rest.FileUploadApplication
org/researchspace/thumbnails/ThumbnailServiceRegistry.java
 org.researchspace.thumbnails.ThumbnailServiceRegistry
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/ObjectRecord.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.ObjectRecord
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/SPARQLEndpointAPIClient.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.SPARQLEndpointAPIClient
org/researchspace/di/MainGuiceModule.java
 org.researchspace.di.MainGuiceModule
 org.researchspace.di.MainGuiceModule$AssetsMapProvider
 org.researchspace.di.MainGuiceModule$AssetsMapProvider$1
 org.researchspace.di.MainGuiceModule$MainTemplateProvider
org/researchspace/ldp/LinkContainer.java
 org.researchspace.ldp.LinkContainer
org/researchspace/security/WildcardPermissionResolver.java
 org.researchspace.security.WildcardPermissionResolver
org/researchspace/services/storage/api/StorageFactory.java
 org.researchspace.services.storage.api.StorageFactory
org/researchspace/sail/rest/RESTSailConfig.java
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.RESTSailConfig
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.RESTSailConfig$AUTH_LOCATION
 org.researchspace.sail.rest.RESTSailConfig$RestAuthorization
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/ParallelTimeEstimatingPullBoundRankJoin.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.ParallelTimeEstimatingPullBoundRankJoin
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/QueryCatalogAPIClientImpl.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.QueryCatalogAPIClientImpl
org/researchspace/federation/repository/optimizers/MpFederationJoinOptimizerWithHints.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.optimizers.MpFederationJoinOptimizerWithHints
org/researchspace/data/rdf/PointedGraph.java
 org.researchspace.data.rdf.PointedGraph
org/researchspace/secrets/EnvironmentSecretResolver.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.EnvironmentSecretResolver
org/researchspace/secrets/MapSecretResolver.java
 org.researchspace.secrets.MapSecretResolver
org/researchspace/api/transform/ModelToQueryFormConfigurationTransformer.java
 org.researchspace.api.transform.ModelToQueryFormConfigurationTransformer
org/researchspace/keyword/KeywordSearchHandler.java
 org.researchspace.keyword.KeywordSearchHandler
org/researchspace/api/rest/client/LDPAPIDtoClient.java
 org.researchspace.api.rest.client.LDPAPIDtoClient
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/SerializableParsedTupleQuery.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.SerializableParsedTupleQuery
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.SerializableParsedTupleQuery$QueryModifier
org/researchspace/security/ShiroRealmProvider.java
 org.researchspace.security.ShiroRealmProvider
org/researchspace/dataquality/ShaclUtils.java
 org.researchspace.dataquality.ShaclUtils
org/researchspace/federation/repository/evaluation/ParallelAsyncJoinCursorWithCache.java
 org.researchspace.federation.repository.evaluation.ParallelAsyncJoinCursorWithCache
org/researchspace/sail/AbstractServiceSailConfig.java
 org.researchspace.sail.AbstractServiceSailConfig
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/SystemAdminEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.SystemAdminEndpoint
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/ResourceEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ResourceEndpoint
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.ResourceEndpoint$1
org/researchspace/rest/endpoint/FileStorageEndpoint.java
 org.researchspace.rest.endpoint.FileStorageEndpoint
org/researchspace/api/dto/querytemplate/SelectQueryTemplate.java
 org.researchspace.api.dto.querytemplate.SelectQueryTemplate
org/researchspace/sparql/renderer/SerializableParsedUpdate.java
 org.researchspace.sparql.renderer.SerializableParsedUpdate
